# Outputs

Both \texttt{acgen.jl} and \texttt{acstd.jl} scripts generate \texttt{image.data.i} and \texttt{green.data.i} files. The \texttt{image.data.i} file stores the exact spectral function, i.e., $A_{\text{true}}(\omega)$. The \texttt{green.data.i} file stores the imaginary time Green's function $G(\tau)$ or the Matsubara Green's function $G(i\omega_n)$. The suffix $i$ in filename denotes index for tests. It starts from 1. The \texttt{acflow.jl} script will output quite a few files. The most important one is \texttt{Aout.data.i}. For other possible output files, please refer to the documentation of the ACFlow toolkit~\cite{Huang:2022}. The \texttt{Aout.data.i} file stores the calculated spectral function, i.e., $A_{\text{calc}}(\omega)$. The suffix $i$ in filename also represents index for tests. The aforementioned files are column-based plain texts. They can be opened by any text editor. Their file formats are summarized in Table~\ref{tab:format}. As for the \texttt{acplot.jl} script, it will generate \texttt{image.i.pdf} files, which are image files for $A_{\text{true}}(\omega)$ and $A_{\text{calc}}(\omega)$. Actually, the data from the \texttt{image.data.i} and \texttt{Aout.data.i} files are used to generate the \texttt{image.i.pdf} file.

\begin{table}[ht]
\centering
\caption{File formats for selected files generated by the ACTest toolkit. Here, Var[$G$] means error bar for $G$. Re$G$ and Im$G$ mean real and imaginary parts of $G$, respectively. \label{tab:format}}
\begin{tabular}{l|l|l|l|l|l|l}
\hline
\hline
Filename & Column 1 & Column 2 & Column 3 & Column 4 & Column 5 & Number of lines\\
\hline
\texttt{image.data.i} & $\omega$ & $A_{\text{true}}(\omega)$ & - & - & -  & $N_{\omega}$ \\
\texttt{green.data.i} & $\tau$ & $G(\tau)$ & $\text{Var}[G(\tau)]$ & - & - & $N_{\tau}$ \\
\texttt{green.data.i} & $i\omega_n$ & $\text{Re}G(i\omega_n)$ & $\text{Im}G(i\omega_n)$ & $\text{Var}[\text{Re}G(i\omega_n)]$ & $\text{Var}[\text{Im}G(i\omega_n)]$ & $N$ \\
\texttt{Aout.data.i} & $\omega$ & $A_{\text{calc}}(\omega)$ & - & - & - & $N_{\omega}$ \\
\hline
\hline
\end{tabular}
\end{table}
